(crickets chirping)
(flies buzzing)
(owl hoots in the distance)
(television static buzz)
(crickets chirping)
(wind whistles)
(bell chimes)
(engine roar)
(wind whistling)
(phone rings)
(flies buzzing)
(phone ringing over
whistling wind)
(door creaks)
("Stop And Stare"
- OneRepublic)
♪ This town is colder now,
I think it's sick of us ♪
♪ It's time to make our move,
I'm shaking off the rust ♪
♪ I've got my heart set
on anywhere but here ♪
♪ I'm staring down myself,
counting up the years ♪
♪ Steady hands just
take the wheel ♪
♪ And every glance
is killing me
♪ Time to make one last appeal
♪ For the life I lead
♪ Stop and stare
♪ I think I'm moving,
but I go nowhere ♪
♪ Yeah, I know that
everyone gets scared ♪
♪ But I've become
what I can't be ♪
♪ Oh
♪ Stop and stare
♪ You start to wonder why
you're here not there ♪
♪ And you'd give anything
to get what's fair ♪
♪ But fair ain't what
you really need ♪
♪ Oh, can you see what I see?
♪ They're trying to come back,
all my senses push ♪
♪ Untie the weight bags,
I never thought I could ♪
♪ Steady feet,
don't fail me now ♪
♪ I'm-a run 'til
you can't walk ♪
♪ Something pulls my focus out
♪ And I'm standing down
♪ Stop and stare
♪ I think I'm moving,
but I go nowhere ♪
♪ Yeah, I know that
everyone gets scared ♪
♪ But I've become
what I can't be ♪
♪ Oh
♪ Stop and stare
♪ You start to wonder why
you're here not there ♪
♪ And you'd give anything
to get what's fair ♪
♪ But fair ain't what
you really need ♪
♪ Oh, you don't need
♪ Stop and stare
♪ I think I'm moving
but I go nowhere ♪
♪ Yeah, I know that
everyone gets scared ♪
♪ I've become what I can't be
♪ Oh, do you see what I see?
(wind whistling)